it's actually I find more challenging
for people to feel Joy than it is for
them to feel anger or sadness or fear if
you really allow that joy in it's so
expansive that it becomes quite scary
because it starts to
dissolve our
identity
Joe hey Brett what's up uh I'm just
feeling so much joy after after the
weeklong retreat we just
ran yeah
and you know the question just comes up
like why the [__] don't we just feel Joy
all the
time yeah that's a great question yeah
and is that what you want to do an
episode on you want to do an episode on
why the [__] we don't feel Joy all the
time yeah well I mean I don't want to
assume that somebody listening isn't
feeling Joy all the time cuz if so great
or
talking yeah yeah but it's just I
noticed this thing where so much of work
that we do points towards feeling Joy
points towards bringing more joy
allowing more joy recognizing more joy
in life and also so much of you know the
Consulting work that we do in
business or in relationships or coaching
the things that people think they want
are the things that they think are going
to get them Joy so it's it's the end
goal everywhere you know it may be about
the kpis or the money or the level of
conflict in my relationship or the
the level of you know cohesion in my
team or the politics in my family
whatever all of those things are really
meant to if if everything is aligned I
would hope to have more joy so right
we've done an entire emotions series we
haven't yet talked about joy and I'd
love to talk about Joy this time let's
do it let's do it great so let's start
what is it what is
Joy so I actually looked it up once and
and usually I have my own definitions
for for words you know that that's how
we often start an episode but this one
is actually I just love the I can't
remember Websters or whatever dictionary
it was the the
the the answer was like an a lot of
happiness and
pleasure and and the way that I work you
know that I'll just do the experiment so
I literally when I did that I was like
okay so I'm going to feel happiness I'm
going to like close my eyes remember a
time that I felt happiness what I would
call happiness and and I invite
everybody listening to do this just like
feel close your eyes take a moment feel
that moment where you had
happiness and
then take pleasure in
it and and that's Joy like that as soon
as I did that I'm like oh wow that's a
like an incredibly accurate description
of Joy it is happiness with pleasure
yeah like a whole head heart there's
like a head heart gut thing going on
there too it's like I can have
intellectually the idea that I have what
I want and that means nothing to me
emotionally or physically and I can have
happiness which is you know an emotional
experience but the pleasure is when it
really lands in the body that's right
yeah and that's what it does it's like
it's like happiness experienced in the
whole
body that's another way you could
explain it but it is it's like an
embodied level of happiness and and
there's a lot of pleasure in
it huh and so that that I just love that
definition because as soon as I read it
I'm like let's see if that's true and I
was like oh [__] that's a great
description yeah wow okay
so so how how would we make there be
more joy in our life what is the what
makes the Spectrum from less joy to more
joy let's map that out a little bit it's
it's really counterintuitive so I'm sure
people in the podcast have heard me say
it Joy is the matriarch of a family of
emotions and she won't come into a house
where her children aren't welcome
so what I'm saying there is that if you
don't feel your emotions all the way
through
then there's no room for Joy so the
other way to think about it is like
you're you're a you're a like a a a a
yard for boats and you have one Dock and
if if you don't move the other boats in
and out there's no room for Joy the only
thing is that Joy is really not a boat
that comes in it's the water underneath
it's like that's the natural state of
being alive it's the it's the state that
requires no effort um it's like pleasure
is available every minute of every day
Joy is a available
just you know a good deep breath in can
be incredibly joyful um can be
incredibly pleasurable
similarly just watching the sensations
in your body move is the definition of
pleasure by um a guy named loen like
like that's
the that is it's just always available
to us it's just if we haven't felt the
other stuff all the way through then we
just can't seem to find it though it's
always there yeah you just mentioned but
didn't actually say the definition of
pleasure according to loan what would
that be
yeah I love this definition of pleasure
I I use it myself which is the
uh awareness of well he says energy I
just say sensation so the awareness of
sensation moving through the
[Music]
body exact like if you just do that it's
immediately
pleasurable yeah and so when you when
you say that and you speak to the
allowing of emotions the family of
emotions being welcome what that seems
to point to for me is resistance like
the level of resistance in the system
almost like an electrical circuit the
presence or lack of resistance allows
the sensations electricity the energy
whatever it is to be moving so you can
be aware of it moving which would yeah
kind of bring in that counterintuitive
correlation with the emotions that we
don't associate with
joy the being able to feel those fully
makes us gives us more capacity to feel
Joy yeah that's one way to describe it
and it's and it's absolutely accurate
the other way is to say if you feel
anger all the way through it you find
out it's like Joy yeah like like or or
like the the anger felt all the way
through without any resistance is a
different sensation than the anger that
we we call anger that we normally resist
same with fear same with anxiety same
with you know all the those emotions
it's there's something that happens when
you feel it all the way through where
the sensation actually changes and it's
just like a current I love that metaphor
which is joy is energy running through
the circuit with minimal
resistance the more resistance the less
the less it feels like
Joy yeah yeah so Joy is the natural
state and then the ways we try to manage
our Natural State the ways we try to
resist it the ways that we
the ways that it's not enough the ways
that it's too much yeah all
become the that those become the ways
that we create separation from our joy
yeah and it's interesting because what
typically if you take that metaphor to
the next conclusion it's like when we
have resistance in the line what most
humans do in the emotional line is they
go oh that's uncomfortable I'm going to
resist more to try to make it stop and
then Joy becomes further and further
away when the actual
more productive thing is to say oh I am
going to feel into that emotional place
because that'll res that'll reduce the
amount of friction
resistance yeah yeah the second question
being like what is what is the joy that
I could find in this experience in this
feeling can be that up and you got to
watch out for that one a little bit
right like we all met that person in
college who was like great everything's
great it's like they're pretending
happiness so that they might one day
actually be happy like it that doesn't
work like unfortunately that doesn't
work there there is like a a practicing
that you have like that you can do to
like oh wow I can take pleasure in this
moment I can take I can take joy from
this experience whatever this flower for
this conversation that I'm having with
you like oh I can take joy and all that
that's amazing and
wonderful and trying to force yourself
into that without feeling the other
emotions is just another form of
resistance so there's like gets a little
tricky yeah yeah like an example that
I'm that comes up for me right now is
when you told me about your daughter
saying wow I didn't know Harper could
feel so good right yeah
exactly yeah and and we saw it at our
Retreat this week it's like the more
people just felt whatever they emotion
was the more they were just like hanging
out in joy and love and pleasure like it
was just like and by the end of it
they're like how is this possible like
that's I mean that's what we got to see
and that answers your question at the
top which is like what makes us not like
that all the time is because we are
managing you know for those of us that
are less and less we're managing our
emotional experience our reality all the
time yeah and while they were in their
Joy they were also more fluid they were
also speaking and acting more
intuitively more naturally more in flow
and so this kind of relates back to what
we're kind of pointing to about the head
heart gut thing here about this being
really embodied how does how does joy in
your in your view relate to being in our
head yeah I mean like I said before I
think there's an embodied feeling of
of of Joy like Joy can't be done without
pleasure pleasure can't be done without
the body so I think that there's a a
part of it I I do also notice that when
I'm in a state of Joy like all three of
those things are in alignment or online
it's not I'm not coming from one place
to the other place um happiness seems to
be more can be more in the head you can
be happy and be cut off but you can't
really have joy and be cut
off so that that that's the main piece
yeah yeah along the lines of something
else you had just said about forcing it
like I'm imagining some people listening
and they're like well I'm I want to feel
Joy I try to feel Joy all the time and
I'm I'm just not finding it uh I'm
trying to feel it not resist it what's
going on right right right yeah that's
like I hear that that one all the
time I mean the main thing is if you're
trying to feel it then you're making
some then you're creating resistance the
trying is in itself the resistance that
prevents it
and and it also assumes that it's hard
to get like to try means that that it's
something that isn't your natural state
it's not like the current flowing freely
and so you put more constriction in the
line and it drives it further and
further away but there is also another
Nuance there which
is you know I hear it in a slightly
different way which is I want to feel
Joy why like wait Joy isn't like a
difficult thing like why wouldn't I feel
it like I want want to feel it but the
but actually it's actually I find more
challenging for people to feel Joy than
it is for them to feel anger or sadness
or
fear and and just as a like a great way
to experience this is like do this
experiment when you go when you go home
or when you when you have like an extra
five minutes and just notice the immense
amount of joy you can have just taking
deep breaths or just feeling the
sensation in your
body you'll notice it's expansive you'll
notice you kind of relax into it and
you'll notice you can't even maintain it
for five
minutes like you'll notice that like
your mind goes to do something else find
some sort of problem because to feel Joy
is it brings up a lot of fear in people
if you really allow that joy in that
expansiveness brings a lot of fear into
people and so we say we want it but just
by saying we want it or just by saying
we're trying to get it we're actually
that's our way to push it away because
it's
scary because you don't say like oh I
want to breathe I have to try to breathe
if you say that if you're like oh I want
to breathe I have to try to breathe you
can feel your you know you start
constricting the air and you know
breathing is just something we assume
happens it's natural Joy is the same way
and but if we fully allow it it's so
expansive that it becomes quite scary
because it starts to
dissolve our
identity yeah yeah I'm imagining right
now just closing my eyes
and picturing everything I ever
wanted
happening manifesting
whatever whatever word may be and then
immediately there's something something
that goes wrong something that's like no
it couldn't quite be like that because
either I couldn't I couldn't Envision
something so beautiful without missing
something important or right that's just
not how reality works or all these
stories would come in
and would you know that that's I think
that's something that you were just
speaking to it brings up other
feelings because Joy feels safe this is
something we've said before is when it
feels safe all the unloved Parts come up
to be loved when there is love the
unloved Parts come up to be loved so if
there's joy there's safety
and you know the the other feelings will
come up we'll be like okay great but
there's joy but what about what about
this pain what about this hurt what
about this heartbreak what about this
fear what about this
anxiety yeah can I have that too right I
think there's two things that you're
speaking to there the first one is you
know I don't know how many people highly
successful people I've worked with who
were like I've got everything I wanted
but I'm not happy I'm not I don't
experience Joy
um and there there's that aspect the
other aspect
is this this idea of when it's safe when
we feel safe when we feel love the other
stuff comes up so on on the second piece
which is really easy to speak to if you
have kids if you have like young kids or
when you were a young kid and let's say
you were like away from home and you had
to deal with a whole bunch of
stuff when you came home and you felt
safe is when the temper tantrum happened
like I used to come home and I'd be like
why do I get all the [__] temper it's
because the kids felt safe and with me
and like oh here's the place that I get
to let go right it's like bottling it up
the rest of the time say it again it's
like you're bottling it up the rest of
the time until until the you're out of
the pressure cooker and you have space
to release yeah yeah so
somatically two things actually happen
that I think are scary about Joy the
first one is it becomes so expansive
that the felt sense of self
dissipates like if you really feel the
joy of breathing for five or 10 minutes
you'll notice that the sense of self is
like becomes more and more Universal and
less and
less like contained as like this thing
that's against this thing and for this
thing and thinks this thing and does
this thing it's
like and that's scary the other thing
that's scary is when you're feeling that
sense of safety and pleasure then the
stuff that hasn't been dealt with starts
coming up to be dealt with just like a
just like it would with a kid and so
both of those two things make it scary
yeah to allow ourselves to feel Joy and
it's what makes people push it away all
the time and they do it by like thinking
they have to earn it they do it by
thinking once I've quit smoking once I
do this great habit once I I make this
much money once I date this kind of
person then but it never happens right
and and because that the it's just the
experience of Joy that's scary as [__]
for for many many many people and which
is why I say like to practice pleasure
and
joy take is great because it actually
teaches you to feel that experience and
it also brings a whole bunch of emotions
undal with up to the surface so it's
great and it's not something that you
can fake it's something that has to be
felt you have to feel everything to get
there consistently where you're just
like actually living a really joyful
life on a regular basis yeah I feel like
there's another level of what makes Joy
scary and it's it's maybe a subset of
the one you talk to about with identity
but yeah like as you as your sense of
identity starts to dissolve also your
ability to predict your actions and the
results dissolves so I think that's like
one of the things that makes that so
scary is that if I fully allow my joy I
lose the sense of who I am which means I
can't predict my behavior and their
reactions and that leads to like oh I
can feel Joy under certain controlled
circumstances you know I can go to a
retreat and my phone is away and I can
feel Joy there if I know that I'm not
going to accidentally leak that joy out
into my company or my family and then
all a sudden have the consequences of
being
authentic come back to me and and I
think that also shows up a lot of times
when people end up kind of man their
transformation where they're like okay
yeah I want to you know let's let's kill
the old ego
let's let's transform but also I want to
make sure that I do it into a certain
particular new larger shaped box that I
you know Define in advance so I know
I'll be safe there
too yeah yeah I I yeah I think that
that's true I think it what like the the
way that that moov typically is there's
a moment of like oh [__] I have no idea
who I'd be what I would do like you know
we saw it at the retreat oh my gosh I'm
like scared if I let this all in I'm
gonna divorce my wife or quit my job or
blah blah blah like all those fears come
up because you don't you can't predict
it I think that the what happens
eventually is that there's this great
phrase and I think I've used it before
but it's I think it's Tibetan and they
talk about mind is wide as the sky and
action as fine as barley flower what you
start to notice when you're living that
way is there's actually like just this
like very clear truth of what you want
to do in that moment you can't predict
what it's going to be but the outcomes
are far more predictable because you're
like oh when I react in my truth when I
act in my truth then my world reflects
that alignment and so I know what world
I'm going to be living in even if I
can't this what I'm going to do or what
this exact result will be the long-term
result is yeah is very predictable it's
like investing in an index fund in a
stock market right which is like you
can't tell the ups and downs but you
know over 10 years where it's headed and
and it and so pretty soon that fear dies
off but there is a very palpable couple
moments days weeks maybe even a year
where you're like I don't even know how
to like I don't even know what I'm going
to go buy at the supermarket yeah yeah
this is something we talked about with
principles as well where it's you might
lose your capacity to or you might lose
this the story that you can predict
outcomes right on a individual basis but
across a portfolio of decisions you know
far more like far more about where
you're going to end up and so that's
that kind of brings up an interesting
symmetry here of living a joyful
life and living a principled life how
synergistic those concepts are and how
they really serve each
other
I it's a great question I I what I
notice is I know people who live
principled Lives
who are pretty happy I'm not sure joyful
but I don't know anybody who lives a
joyful life who doesn't live
princip so I think that principles can
get you closer to Joy but they can't
ensure it but joy ensures principles
that just from my noticing of people
yeah I can't that are not aligned with
you and that would lead away from Joy
correct absolutely or if the principles
are say built around how to be most
productive right right instead of oh
living the life that you want to live so
I think that but even that like the
people that I know who like run
businesses based on principle they're
they're the happier leaders that I know
so there is something about the ease of
principles and about the I would say
the the because almost everybody who
lives principle at some point also has
the lean in principle right like because
what a principle does is it makes you
feel into the [__] that you don't want
to feel into when it's inconvenient
which is really the same thing that
we're
saying gets Joy which is leaning into
the [__] that you don't particularly
want to lean into feeling it allowing
for it so most principles most sets of
princi principles do the same thing
where there's some principle that says
hey I I I'm going to lean into I'm going
to open the drawer in the kitchen that
nobody wants to look in or I'm going to
you know embrace the intensity or I'm G
to you know say the problem when it's
there and you like there's always some
principle that that help that helps you
do something that you don't want to
particularly do because you know it's
beneficial so I think that that's
another place where they have overlap
yeah yeah and so so both of these bring
up this Con the the idea of uh like fake
it till we make it where you addressed
this earlier of like forcing Joy is not
the same as allowing your experience so
fully that the joy
emerges um but also when we're talking
about principles we're talking about
living a joyful life th those could be
something that easily gets forced or
becomes a way that we manage ourselves
and I'm curious to like to what extent
the that can be help F or useful in some
way or if there's a Nuance here that we
can
share about faking it till you're making
it with regards to Joy there's lots of
there's lots of ways
that discipline can kind of get the
engine running the management can get
the engine running um but at some point
you have to do the downhill slide like
you have to let gravity take care of
stuff
so
um trying to force yourself to feel Joy
not very effective but um like having
discipline of reading living a
principled life can be helpful
um having the discipline of of
practicing
pleasure allowing yourself to feel
pleasure and learn to allow that to
expand you and stretch you like a yoga
class can be
helpful um so there are uh
like saying oh I'm going to like feel my
emotions every day for 20 30 minutes I'm
going to let my body move and I'm going
to say what I got to say yell what I got
to yell Shake where I have to shake
that's also going to be incredibly
helpful and that can be a disciplined
approach but as soon as you start using
it all to you try you're you're pushing
like the inner energetic is I have to
get there rather than I am already there
like
oh I don't all I have to do is like like
take off the layers of [__] and like
then there that's an attitude of like
it's already there within me that is
going to be
necessary you can't get there by trying
the whole time and and you see this in
Zen and meditation too
where particularly Zen meditation
they'll literally just like keep on
adjusting the way you sit no sit more
like this sit like that so you try try
try try try try try try try get so
[__] intense you just I can't [__]
do it anymore and then you have that
moment of Awakening then you have that
moment of understanding and so you can
go that way too where you just like try
so [__] hard that you finally give up
I've seen that work as well but at some
point you have to give up and just be
like oh it's just what I
am and I just if I just allow it all
happens if I just receive it all happens
literally take a deep breath and enjoy
it it requires [__] nothing yeah I'm
just feeling the difference in my body
when I use the words it's what I am
versus it's what I feel which makes me
come back to like the difference between
happiness and joy or even equinity and
joy contentment and
joy and on that axis of like
embodied versus you know just an
emotional or in the head experience
what yeah what do you have to say about
those
distinctions yeah contentment
equinity they are different things like
I I know that there's a you know through
like nonuel or or Awakening practices or
meditation practices you can get to an
equinity where there's just a there's a
Stillness that never leaves there's like
the eye of the storm that you always
have accessible
and I know people who have that and are
depressed there's a famous monk
meditation teacher who talks openly
about his
depression um and typically that's
because the my experience of the people
that I've met like that is they have
leared the equinity but they haven't
actually allowed the emotions to be
without resistance the meditation has
become an emotional management tool as
well as a tool for equinity and so
so there is a distinction between that
peace and equinity which is a wonderful
beautiful amazing thing and
allowing all the emotions to move which
some people in meditation actually
that's what happens like you know I had
a person I studied with a lot his name
was AIA Shante his teacher talked about
like showing up at Meditation Retreat
Meditation Retreat with tears streaming
down like the Water Works turned
on I had many meditation Retreats where
a huge amount of emotion moved through
me um so so it can be that way too so
but the but the it's that that creates
the joy it's something else that creates
the equinity the the recognition that
you are awareness that you are not this
ego that recognition creates a huge
amount of equinity in the
system but it doesn't create Joy
particularly
not without the emotional movement
without the emotional fluidity yeah I
love that thanks for that
distinction
yeah
so we've often talked about how you know
enjoyment when we're when we're enjoying
something when we're in enjoyment we're
learning faster we're more creative
we're more productive we're more
Innovative we're getting along better
with our peers we're sharing ourselves
more vulnerably or more likely to speak
Our Truth all of these things that are
really effective towards say
productivity and I notic that we don't
really measure joy in a company very
often you know it's not like one of the
major you know kpis that are being
measured and I wonder why not and I'd
love to talk a little bit about how Joy
affects
productivity yeah um yeah so I think
there's a couple reasons why people
don't I think most people who are deeply
ambitious or ambitious because not all
but many people are deeply ambitious or
deeply ambitious because they're
striving to get to
Joy they're thinking like oh if I do X Y
and Z this and this and this will happen
at least that's how they get started
sometimes they just fall I think some of
the greats actually more just are in
love with the game of it
all the like the building the Legos like
the the the coolness of like oh I'm just
in my thing doing my thing um but so for
that reason I think a lot of people
don't see the joy though if you ask them
and you say oh tell me about the best
team that you've ever been a part
of they'll tell you they enjoyed it so
you know so there there's definitely
like you you can't be in a great team ah
this team was excellent and I hated it
like that's yeah like so so they'll know
that I think that
the the other piece is that enjoyment
looks
slower like if I'm really going to stop
and I'm going to enjoy writing my emails
I'm going to feel the sensation and and
allow it and like allow the pleasure of
writing the email and what it feels like
in my body and how I want to say the
thing and express the joy in in the
email it's slower it like I can write an
email much quicker than
that however I probably am going to
write a lot less emails my relationships
are going to be a lot better there's
going to be a lot less problems to
handle so like anything that takes
discipline you know it's a long-term
result that you're getting it's not the
short-term result that you're getting
like exercise doesn't feel quite as good
up front but makes you feel great
through the day yeah it's like I've
heard said in the Navy Seals slow as
smooth and smooth as fast yeah exactly
yeah yeah so so it's a little bit slower
but it definitely gets you where you
want to be quicker and um so that's
interesting that I think that's one of
the that's one of the other reasons that
it it isn't like thought about as much
um it might even be slower because
you're actually there you're actually
processing it you're not skipping from
thing to thing to thing and then later
on like where was I what balls did I set
in motion and why total loss of context
right just lost in the to-do list I'll
give you a great example of this like
working with somebody who's an executive
at um one of the big compan IES one of
the big Silicon Valley companies and um
talking about their meetings and how all
the executives are multitasking through
their
meetings so everybody feels more
productive but it like so many emails
afterwards nobody's enjoying it no if
they were all sitting down and said okay
we the number one thing is that we are
going to learn to have a meeting that we
all enjoy
having that meeting would be super
effective
so it's a really great mechanism to
figure out how to make great decisions
to figure out how to run great
meetings so it's lovely it's just not
particularly thought about and I think
it's often because most people in
business most people in general
potentially feel like they're to have
joy it has to be earned it like you have
to be a value to have joy even though
they've been of value for 20 years and
still don't have a deep life of Joy yeah
which which makes it possible to
question whether somebody actually wants
Joy or whether they actually want to
recreate their emotional background of
seeking Joy exactly that's that's that's
the thing is like the seeking of joy is
the way that we push it away and the joy
itself is scary yeah exactly because
it's scary that's right which I think is
the other reason why people don't use it
as a thing I also don't think most
people think it's possible to create a
joyful life yeah I can also Imagine a
whole bunch of collective eye rolles
from you know a whole bunch of new
employees coming on a team and they're
like okay we're going to be tracking
your joy like oh
great we're gonna track your joy okay
yeah see that would be I would love that
if I was like oh we're gonna track your
joy and they're like oh great I'd be
like okay let's start there yeah exactly
what makes you say that what makes you
not happy that this company wants you to
have a joyous work experience
yeah which Segways into into another
question is like how how does Joy relate
to leadership you're you're the one
running these meetings and you want to
have a meeting that's a joyful
meeting you have a team yeah and you
want to see what would be in the way of
the team valuing
Joy it's really good but it's not
necessary meaning like if you I like if
you are really focused on how do you
enjoy your job as a manager then it's
really good if you're asking your team
how do we enjoy ourselves better I think
that's really good I think all of that
is really really
useful however you can be a leader who's
driven by like we're just going to be
the best in the world and that can also
inspire people or we're gonna you know
so there I think there's other ways to
do
it where the joy is like the second
level like oh we really enjoy winning so
let's win or we you know where enjoyment
is like the second
level if you are like just about getting
it done and oh my God we're scared and
we have to avoid this bad thing and
there's no joy whatsoever in your
management like then you're going to
have neurotic a
neurotic organization that makes a lot
of mistakes and Spins often without yeah
you know without Direction well it
sounds sort of like a second order
effect like if if you have a company
where the the value is we like to win
and hire people who enjoy winning then
you're going to have joy and a culture
aligned in winning correct that's if you
hire a bunch of people who don't enjoy
winning because they feel guilty or
something there's something else going
on there or they enjoy something
entirely different and winning doesn't
matter to them then you might have less
joy in the team correct what's
interesting is like when you think about
our team in our business like I
enjoyment is a huge important part
winning is not yet we win so like we're
you know we're
constantly growing and touching more
people and but for us it's like we would
cut off an entire part of our business
if we weren't enjoying it even if it was
profitable so it's an interesting it's
an interesting aspect of like there is
an
alignment with it and but joy can be a
first or a second order effect both both
of them are possible and still have
great be a great leader I don't think
it's possible to be a great leader if
you're not considering Joy at
all yeah yeah great so I'd love to close
this episode out with just some some
little nugget that listeners can
do after they've heard this something
they can do in their day some little
reminder some practice some exercise
enjoy your breath for five minutes
straight or if it doesn't have to be
your breath make it be doing the dishes
or make it
be just watching the sensations of your
body move like see what it is to or a
flower just take something and see what
it is to just allow the enjoyment to
persist in your system to stay focused
on the enjoyment of being alive like
just aliveness is joyful M and so allow
that to just stretch your capacity to
feel it notice how the sense of stealth
starts to kind of evaporate somatically
when you feel it when you really allow
that
Joy yeah yeah and what resistance comes
up what kind of pleasure anxiety or
forboding Joy what is what is at the
edges of that boundary for you yeah and
feel that then feel that cuz that's the
stuff that feels safe enough to show up
and and be
felt beautiful and joyful and joyful
thank you Joe thanks yeah thanks for
bringing up this topic how fun I I
really appreciate I I'm hoping maybe one
day we'll also do one on excitement
which is yeah a whole another yeah let's
do
that okay awesome all right and thank
you everybody for
listening uh check us out on X I got it
right this time I didn't say the t word
uh Joe is fu _ Joe Hudson I am at er
Kistler kisl R and we are at Art of a
comp see you next time all right take
care